{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28800\viewh18000\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Day 7 Assignment: Seeing What\'92s Wrong
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Let me introduce you to one of the worst websites ever:\
\
	\ul http://irishwrecksonline.net/\ulnone \
\

\b Team up in groups of 2
\b0  (you may work with something you\'92ve worked with before, but it can\'92t be your last partner).\
\
I want you to look through this website and compile a list of 3 things the author did wrong. Then I want you to mock up a better solution for each of those 3 things (a working model in HTML/CSS/Javascript \'96\'a0not re-doing the whole website), justifying it with the Design Principles we learned today.\
\
Describe the problems below, and submit a copy of this with your solutions.\
\

\b Problem #1:
\b0 \
Identity and Mission statement which covers company\'92s logo and essential tagline description of what the company does was not organized and implemented on all pages.\
\
Our Solution:\
We created the header with the company\'92s logo along with the tagline and implement it across all 4 pages to make it easier for the users to visually organize company\'92s identity.   Say if the users are lost on any page and cannot figure out what they were here for they can always read the company\'92s tag line to familiarize themselves.  Provided solution reduces users anxiety.\
\

\b Problem #2:
\b0 \
Hierarchy and breadcrumbs were not organized. By looking at the home page we couldn\'92t recognize what the home page was.  Home page was also not given clear directions for other pages.\
\
Our Solution:\
We created four separate pages to put things into order.  We created \'91Home\'92, \'91Conditions of Use\'92, \'91Map Search\'92, and \'91Contact Us\'92 pages and linked all four pages on each page in the header as well as in the footer giving users more power and freedom to go wherever they want to go at any time.  All pages links are right in front of their eyes.  It wouldn\'92t allow users to think as Krug\'92s states thinking makes users frustrated.  To make things more apparent we used #FF6666 color upon hovering between the navigation links.  Which ever link users select would remain static to visually inform users which page are they in.\
\

\b Problem #3:
\b0 \
The font contrast and background aesthetics\'92s were so off rejecting one of the essential Visual Design Principles (CRAP). \
\
Our Solution:\
We created better contrast by adding good color choices.  We gave the same background color to the header and footer.  #555 color to its elements and #FF6666 color to the headings.  The headings and content was consistent throughout the pages which improved the website aesthetics. \
\
Extra:\
News, Useful links, and footer with copyright information were also not organized so we took care of them as well. \
\
Credits: \
The template sample was taken from the open source www.html5webtemplates.co.uk.\
Here is the link: https:www.html5webtemplates.co.uk/templates/simplestyle_purple/index.html\
\
So all credits goes to them.  
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}